# Islandora User Interface Interest Group (UIIG) Agenda
Thursday, June 22, 2017 3:00pm-4:00pm EDT (Eastern Time)

---

### To join the meeting
* [Join Skype Group](https://join.skype.com/qEZdTTFrncpc)

---
### Attending

---
## Agenda 

### Welcome back! 
* Review function and goals of this Interest Group
* Decide on a meeting schedule
* Adding style to the CLAW sandbox

### Create suite of basic use cases

---
### Meeting Notes
#### What should this group do?
Danny says, "create an interface that makes sense". A more immediate goal to have a sandbox that looks good and it's pretty.

#### How often should we meet?
We will try to meet monthly on the fourth Thursday of every month at 3pm EDT

#### What can we do to have a nice looking sandbox before Open Repositories?
Favenzio has created an Adaptivetheme subtheme (codename Carapace) that can be used as a starting point for the Sandbox. In order to get this going we will do the following:

* Transfer Carapace repo to CLAW
* Add Carapace theme to CLAW_VAGRANT and enable as default
* On Tuesday June 27th, when the sandbox has been provisioned, we will jump in and add content, blocks, etc. To make the Sandbox be the best it can be prior to OR.

#### Other things we discussed:
* We want to stay away from layer violations as much as possible. Meaning: Let's try to keep business logic away from the theme. We should create companion modules for functionality that shouldn't live at the View (of MVC fame) layer.

* Don asked some good questions regarding limits regarding technology. For example, what Javascript libraries/frameworks are we going to use? Drupal and AdaptiveTheme already give you various options out of the box, and initially the idea would be to use those whenever possible. If additional libraries/frameworks need to be added in the future, we can discuss at the group meetings.

---

Next Meeting
### Homework: Find repositories/websites that have interesting/beautiful/functional elements that we could try to implement in CLAW
### When will we meet next?
